so I have like 1 to 2 days left
I would say in the Texas and it's time
to just get some last-minute things done
right Jeannie that's right I need my
stuff so the weather outside is
literally perfect
I'll even think I need this light jacket
but we will see
it's about hourly temperature will range
from 75 to 57 not bad at all Texas I
just got a TV nothing is really set up
yet but that's gonna be one of the first
things I do when I get back to New York
my father is experimenting with the
cutting the cord they say they call it
cutting the cable or something before
cutting the cord where you know you
don't have to go through all the
different companies to get all of your
channels and he's just got quite fed up
here and basically I have an Apple TV so
all I need really is Netflix and YouTube
to survive but it would be nice to have
a main four channels for sports ball
stuff yes I don't understand what all
these things are there so this is my HD
antenna very small yes $40 or something
like that it's a mobile relief it
connects to this device which is called
the Tablo it's a TV deep DVR so it's DVR
ting everything from over-the-air
channels on to this hard drive hmm this
is a switch for the overall networking
and this is a wireless router ooh so you
don't need them I don't need you here
that dish cutting the hose you don't
need you all right maybe I can title
this cutting the core of 2016 get all
the views
oh this is the first pair of sunglasses
that have owned that aren't $15 target
sunglasses and all started jeans
Christmas present like a fly she looks
at her Ravens they had this special
thing that was like it's like my wild
save this much money in the second one
okay yeah yeah it's like $75 off and
there's just one of those things like
hmm yes basically half-price I just
couldn't pass it up you know so now
we're both hip hop a little some ran
bonds
this is South like Times Square where
people will come to shop come with the
fan share holiday cheer it's fun and
festive
Santa's Village is here the gap is super
suburbia oh my gosh are you surprising
me with my new car oh I did it
there's my new car guys beautiful South
Lake Texas the only place that has more
Land Rovers and Mercedes Fox's one of
those conversate is the boxes what are
those g wagons the only place of our
Land Rovers and Mercedes G wagons in New
York City how to eat as much Tex Mex as
possible these chips and salsa
never have enough Kasich and Geney and
yeah you've been wearing that shirt in
every single video pretty much like you
sure
where'd you get that you babe he shops
on eBay child larger more Mexican food
I'm so full I needed it to stuff my face
one more time with tex-mex but I am just
so over food right now no more food more
green stuff yesterday I saw a movie in
the theaters that was so insanely
inspiring so motivating so beautiful
that I'm gonna go see it again tonight
that movie is Lalo and I can't put into
words how amazing it is I want to talk a
little bit about it but I wanted to be
fresh in my mind so I'm actually going
to movie theaters with Jeanne I'm gonna
see it for a second time all kinds of
excited so I'll see you guys actually
movie ok ok so what's the next day I
just can't I was so emotionally
distraught last night from seeing Lalo
in the second time I just didn't I
didn't talk to the camera but now I am a
very brief review slash word about love
and it is a movie that is now in my top
3 all-time favorite movies yes maybe it
is a little chick flick e because it is
around the love story of Ryan Gosling
and Emma Stone I am just so obsessed
with them as characters if you seen
Crazy Stupid Love you know they have
crazy stupid chemistry and that shows in
this movie it's part of the reason why
you fall in love so much with the
characters usually come still enthralled
with their relationship holy smokes this
film is beautiful like aesthetically it
is so stunning um just the colors and
the sets and the lighting and the music
know guys that I love it's probably I
would say music is like my number one
all-time favorite thing in the world and
the way they use music in this movie is
just so brilliant and it just pulls on
your heart
and the certain themes and the certain
piano songs that are associated with the
two main characters and associated with
certain themes you just get so involved
in it and I've listened to the sound
truck so it dies there's dancing and
they're singing in this movie and
honestly the opening song and the
opening number I was just like okay
alright if this is if this is it I am
happy for spending the ten dollars in
the movie I would have been happy if
bubi just ended there I really awesome
fantastic it was that good when you
watch it from a filmmaking standpoint it
is just oh it's eye candy it's almost as
if the camera acts as like a character
and so typically in movies today they'll
have you know a wide lens and a tight
ones and we'll switch them between those
two cameras for different angles but
this is a view it almost looks like it
is all shot just with one camera and
instead of cutting to a new camera angle
to get a tighter shot of someone's face
they'll purposely move the camera to
that angle or something and just the
camera movements probably the way they
follow characters it was purposeful and
it was elegant and it was just butter
usually when you see those hipster
movies that look so cool you get caught
up and how cool they look and you focus
on that and then the story doesn't
really compete with how aesthetically
beautiful is but la-la-land is one of
those movies where the lighting the
music the camerawork that everything was
perfectly complemented with a brilliant
story and brilliant cast and it was just
it was amazing I just oh god this
you've probably seen this video it's
explain it like so we mannequin is on
her head
yeah we did like he did did you draw
that me and 24 good it's our Christmas
yeah crazy viral crazy viral today I
live in Texas um and yes I split him to
the ends yeah like we toast me to hang
out when I'm back for Christmas and so
my question is how did this even start
we saw a video of a girl doing it with
like dancing what heads on around
Halloween time we were like you know
what we should try that and we picked
evens and we did it and it was yeah so
28 the twenty one pilots video is the
first one that took off yeah so
basically they put this in a hoodie or
something I can dumb in please
demonstrate not a hoodie but it all
suffice yes so imagine this is a can you
imagine what this looks like just thing
is very legit dancers and so it's
hilariously because there's literally a
mannequin head on top of their head but
it's good dancing I think I go into
places like Target and yeah it's just
great so let's go watch I'll I'll leave
a link the lease in the description you
need to go watch all their videos cuz
it's amazing give anything anything to
say to the Peachy fan um you guys are
cool
there's the J oh yeah she's so sweet oh
my gosh we're all gonna be BFFs we're
gonna we're gonna yes
we're gonna race to a million
subscribers I think y'all are gonna get
there first
but we'll see if I
friggin Chelsea look at what she made oh
my gosh this is sick there's a bug and
so this is just from your explained to
me what that is again it's vinyl and it
was compressed oh my gosh needs to be
like a peachy an exclusive peachy like I
love it so much oh my gosh look where I
am so this is my old middle school Wow
looks so much smaller
[Music]
I just drove my hair because fun fact I
went to middle school in high schools
famous people I live in Grapevine Texas
actually I went to the same school as
Jenna Dewan who is a super talented
actress and dancer she's also married to
Channing Tatum so I guess she's
technically Jenna Dewan Tatum
she went to grapevine chief Gaines from
fixer-upper if you know who Johanna and
chip Gaines are the last two people was
really why I even brought it up because
it's kind of special what's happening
right now is post Malone
so post Malone austin mahone actually
was the grade below me and he went to
great fine high school if you do not
know who post Malone is holy crap he is
such a talented hip hop artist slash
rapper he does a lot like his music is
very diverse but he actually just got
done touring with Justin Bieber he was
the great Bologna at grapevine high
school I remember him kind of as the guy
with the long curly hair who like always
had a guitar in his arm and so it's so
cool to see him absolutely killing it
out there
Austin post post post I didn't know you
so I won't call you Austin post you are
killing it if you have not listened to
his new album that just drop listen to
it you probably know the song white
Iverson that's kind of what put him on
the map and now he is just slaying out
in the world of hip-hop and he knows all
the people special Texas shout out to
him go listen to his music and the
reason why I'm here at my middle school
is a few months ago Demi Lovato dropped
a music video to one of her songs that
is just oh it's pretty savage I guess
it's kind of a shot towards the people
who bullied her she was a few grades
ahead of me but we went to the same
middle school and in this music video
it's just it's very like in-your-face
and like look at me now I guess it's a
dope song I love the song but she filmed
it like on the track over here at Cross
Timbers middle school and then also
filmed it just like
walking around the building and the last
frame of the music video is her walking
away from the middle school you see you
see the name of the middle school in the
background so I'm like dang do me pretty
Savage
I just thought those were some fun facts
it's cool to see Texas homies out there
killing it in the world and I just I
lost my ish when I saw that Demi Lovato
video and just her dragging across
tumors middle school Oh funny funny
stuff don't bully people I don't know if
she was really bullied but if she was
Demi I'm sorry that happened
I don't way better experience that ctms
the CTMS thank you for some good years
but yeah whoo go Texas feeling super and
nostalgic last day in Texas sitting in
the parking lot of my middle school
doesn't get any better than that right
but back to New York City stoked for
2017 I keep saying that but oh there are
some cool stuff coming up and I'm just
pretty excited thanks for watching if
you have not yet hit that subscribe
button down below let me know if you
like this video and until next time stay
peachy okay bye
hey guys I hope you had the merriest of
Christmases and I wish you a very very
happy new year I wanted to share with
you my top 5 Christmas presents number
one a nest security cameras you can link
it up with your phone and get sent push
notifications if any motion is detected
when you are not home number two is a
away carry-on suitcase